Add document describing review prioritisation (#25)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls-docs: reviews/review-priorities.md

# PR Prioritisation

The Mbed TLS core team prioritise PRs to help us spend our review capacity on the items that best help the project.

> When PRs are first triaged, a label is applied to help reviewers determine what to work on (and what not to work on). The different classifications are described below.

Reviewer: What's the advantage of labels, compared to columns on a board?

Author: As discussed earlier: there are a few ways to capture this kind of thing in GitHub.

Labels are an obvious choice because they are simple, easily visible to people viewing the PR, quick to set, etc. They also interact well with our existing boards - no other changes are required to our setup. They are easy for people who don't know the process well to observe and make sense of. It's easy to filter to find the high-priority items in any GitHub context (e.g., searching PRs, viewing a board).

You suggested capturing this via a column on the unified board, which I don't think works so well. The unified board tracks PR/issue _progress_, not priority. We'd need to add extra columns for the various priorities, for both review and (less critically) stalled columns - if done thoroughly it would add a lot of complexity to this board. Outside / casual contributors may not know to look at the board so might not follow the prioritisation. It also wouldn't be visible in the epics board, PR search results, etc.

The main argument against using labels for this seems to be that we have too many labels (57 now). This is very true and I support simplifying the set of labels. E.g., there are quite a few relating to the area affected (component: <X>, TLS 1.3/MPS, PSA, etc), which we could drop; also some obsolete ones relating to things like CLA, baremetal, etc. There are some that are hardly used (e.g., Information, notabug, regression, wontfix) which could go and just be replaced by an appropriate comment in the text of the PR/issue.

Reviewer: > This is very true and I support simplifying the set of labels.

The thing is, we all agree on that, but we can't agree about which labels to remove. Different labels are useful to different people.

Of the ones you're listed, the only ones I agree with are the obsolete ones, where we could make a list of labelled PR/issues once and for all and then remove the labels.

Please note that if your PR falls into the lower priority categories, we are happy to increase its priority if needed. This might happen through:

- Commenting on the PR to explain why there is an important use-case for it
- Other users commenting to show wider demand for the PR

> - Attending the bi-weekly Tech Forum call to discuss the PR

Reviewer 2: (aside: bi-weekly has two meanings: twice a week or every two weeks)

```suggestion
- Attending the Tech Forum call (which is every two weeks) to discuss the PR
```

- Advocating for the PR on the project mailing list
- Find others to review your PR

Classifications are done through labels, e.g.: priority-high.

Please note that these are the priorities used by the core team. External contributors are welcome to review PRs according to their own priorities, and such review activity will help highlight PRs which should get attention from the core team.

### priority-high

This classification is used for PRs which are typically one of:

> - Security (or other high-priority) bug-fixes

Reviewer 2: (very minor: is `bug-fix` normally hyphenated?)

- Items that the Mbed TLS team have planned for delivery in the current quarter

These PRs should receive review promptly.

### priority-medium

This is for PRs which advance the core team's aims for Mbed TLS, but are not needed to meet delivery in the current quarter. These would typically address one of the following areas:

* Security
  * Non-urgent and lower-priority security improvements
* Robustness

>   * Non-urgent bug-fixes

Reviewer 2: (very minor: is `bug-fix` normally hyphenated?)

  * Test improvements
  * Documentation
* PSA Crypto
  * Provide a reference implementation for PSA Crypto
  * Driver interface for secure elements & crypto processors
* TLS
  * Support latest TLS versions and features - especially client features important for embedded devices
  * DTLS, QUIC
* Embedded applications
  * Improvements to code-size, memory footprint and performance on embedded devices

> 

Reviewer 2: There's no equivalent of the sentence "These PRs should receive review promptly" that the high-priority case has. Would it help to be explicit with something like the following?

`These PRs will receive review on a best-effort basis, but assistance from the community would be helpful`

(or whatever we actually want to say)

Reviewer 2: (note that we have an equivalent for low-priority of `unlikely to receive review soon`, so I think it would be helpful to be explicit as to what our promise is or isn't, rather than just leaving it implicitly somewhere between the high and low guarantees)
